In this directory, you will find a file called `tib_messages_FPN.2011-07-12.gz`. When you extract it, you'll get a CSV file. The file contains raw data about UK electricity generation on 12th July 2011. A single row looks something like this:

```
PN,T_RATS-1,5,20110712010000,475.000,20110712011800,300.000
```

Here's what each field means:

1. `PN` - Physical Notification. All rows are `PN` rows so you can ignore this field.
2. `T_RATS-1` - Unit id. A unique identifier for the generation unit (power station boiler, wind turbine, etc).
3. `5` - The "settlement period". You can ignore this field.
4. `20110712010000` - Start date/time.
5. `475.000` - Start output level, in MW ([Megawatts](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megawatt#Megawatt))
6. `20110712011800` - Finish date/time.
7. `300.000` - Finish output level.

*NOTE*: The `.` indicates a decimal point, not a thousands separator. So 300.000 is 300 MW, not 300000 MW.

Using this data, we can calculate an estimate of the amount of electricity generated by this unit during the time period. This is measured in MWh ([Megawatt hours](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kilowatt_hour)). For example:

1. `20110712011800` - `20110712010000` = 18 minutes = 18/60 hours = 0.3 hours
2. Mean average output level was (300 + ((475 - 300) / 2)) = 387.5 MW
3. Therefore, generated output was: 0.3 * 387.5 = 116.25 MWh

## Your task ##

Your task is to process the CSV data and calculate the total generated output per unit over the day. For example, your program might output something like:

```
T_RATS-1:     300,000 MWh
T_RATS-2:     150,000 MWh
...
```

(These numbers are made up.)

Note that some units will have negative output - don't worry about this - it can represent for example energy exported to Ireland or France.

## What we're looking for ##

We are mainly interested in *how* you develop the code, not whether it works. If you don't manage to complete the task, that's fine. We would rather see a small amount of well-written object oriented and test-driven code that is incomplete than a messy but complete solution that just happens to work.

The formatting of the output of the program is also unimportant so don't spend much time on this. There's no need to make it into a web app or anything - a console program is fine.

You are expected to write tests to guide your development, and make regular commits to the repository so that we can see the progression of how it developed. You may use whichever testing framework or tools you are comfortable with.

## Don't panic ##

Once again: if you don't finish the task, that's ok and it doesn't mean that you've failed and we won't hire you! We're just interested in how you tackle the problem.
